README.md, before:

# How to use Stencil Web Components in React within a Nx Monorepo

This project generates React wrappers and typings from the Stencil component library for efficient use with TypeScript and TSX in React. ❤️

The benefit of using a Stencil component library is that Stencil compiles down to standards-compliant Web Components / Custom Elements, while at the same time it offers framework integrations for popular libraries such as React, Angular or Vue, which makes them easy to use across frameworks.

![Stencil Web Components in React with TSX support](docs/Stencil-Web-Components-in-React.png "Stencil Web Components in React with TSX support")

This project was generated using [Nx](https://nx.dev).

🔎 **Nx is a set of Extensible Dev Tools for Monorepos.**

## Adding capabilities to your workspace

Nx supports many plugins which add capabilities for developing different types of applications and different tools.

These capabilities include generating applications, libraries, etc as well as the devtools to test, and build projects as well.

Below are some plugins which you can add to your workspace:

- [React](https://reactjs.org)
  - `npm install --save-dev @nrwl/react`
- Web (no framework frontends)
  - `npm install --save-dev @nrwl/web`
- [Angular](https://angular.io)
  - `npm install --save-dev @nrwl/angular`
- [Nest](https://nestjs.com)
  - `npm install --save-dev @nrwl/nest`
- [Express](https://expressjs.com)
  - `npm install --save-dev @nrwl/express`
- [Node](https://nodejs.org)
  - `npm install --save-dev @nrwl/node`

## Generate an application

Run `nx g @nrwl/react:app my-app` to generate an application.

> You can use any of the plugins above to generate applications as well.

When using Nx, you can create multiple applications and libraries in the same workspace.

## Generate a library

Run `nx g @nrwl/react:lib my-lib` to generate a library.

> You can also use any of the plugins above to generate libraries as well.

Libraries are sharable across libraries and applications. They can be imported from `@yourcompany/mylib`.

## Development server

Run `nx serve my-app` for a dev server. Navigate to http://localhost:4200/. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `nx g @nrwl/react:component my-component --project=my-app` to generate a new component.

## Build

Run `nx build my-app` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `nx test my-app` to execute the unit tests via [Jest](https://jestjs.io).

Run `nx affected:test` to execute the unit tests affected by a change.

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e my-app` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Cypress](https://www.cypress.io).

Run `nx affected:e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests affected by a change.

## Understand your workspace

Run `nx dep-graph` to see a diagram of the dependencies of your projects.

## Further help

Visit the [Nx Documentation](https://nx.dev) to learn more.

Commit message:

chore(Stencil): update @nxext/stencil to 0.1.0 to benefit from latest features such as component generation and Storybook support

README.md, after:

# How to use Stencil Web Components in React within a Nx Monorepo

This project generates React wrappers and typings from the Stencil component library for efficient use with TypeScript and TSX in React. ❤️

The benefit of using a Stencil component library is that Stencil compiles down to standards-compliant Web Components / Custom Elements, while at the same time it offers framework integrations for popular libraries such as React, Angular or Vue, which makes them easy to use across frameworks.

![Stencil Web Components in React with TSX support](docs/Stencil-Web-Components-in-React.png "Stencil Web Components in React with TSX support")

This project was generated using [Nx](https://nx.dev).

🔎 **Nx is a set of Extensible Dev Tools for Monorepos.**

## Updating the Stencil plugin
The Stencil plugin adds a lot of capabilities for efficiently working with Stencil, like component generation or support for Storybook. In order to benefit from new capabilities, run the provided Stencil migration which takes care of bringing you up-to-date:
`nx migrate @nxext/stencil`
  
After the migration, run `yarn install` to install the updated packages.

## Adding capabilities to your workspace

Nx supports many plugins which add capabilities for developing different types of applications and different tools.

These capabilities include generating applications, libraries, etc as well as the devtools to test, and build projects as well.

Below are some plugins which you can add to your workspace:

- [React](https://reactjs.org)
  - `npm install --save-dev @nrwl/react`
- Web (no framework frontends)
  - `npm install --save-dev @nrwl/web`
- [Angular](https://angular.io)
  - `npm install --save-dev @nrwl/angular`
- [Nest](https://nestjs.com)
  - `npm install --save-dev @nrwl/nest`
- [Express](https://expressjs.com)
  - `npm install --save-dev @nrwl/express`
- [Node](https://nodejs.org)
  - `npm install --save-dev @nrwl/node`

## Generate an application

Run `nx g @nrwl/react:app my-app` to generate an application.

> You can use any of the plugins above to generate applications as well.

When using Nx, you can create multiple applications and libraries in the same workspace.

## Generate a library

Run `nx g @nrwl/react:lib my-lib` to generate a library.

> You can also use any of the plugins above to generate libraries as well.

Libraries are sharable across libraries and applications. They can be imported from `@yourcompany/mylib`.

## Development server

Run `nx serve my-app` for a dev server. Navigate to http://localhost:4200/. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `nx g @nrwl/react:component my-component --project=my-app` to generate a new component.

## Build

Run `nx build my-app` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `nx test my-app` to execute the unit tests via [Jest](https://jestjs.io).

Run `nx affected:test` to execute the unit tests affected by a change.

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e my-app` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Cypress](https://www.cypress.io).

Run `nx affected:e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests affected by a change.

## Understand your workspace

Run `nx dep-graph` to see a diagram of the dependencies of your projects.

## Further help

Visit the [Nx Documentation](https://nx.dev) to learn more.
